Come on. the sun is out. It's perfect.
Come on. let's go.
- Can you get up. please. please. babe?  - Mm. okay.
Oh. babe. your breath.
You love it.
- Wake up.  - Okay.
- Yeah.  - Hm.
- Go away.  - Let's go. Yeah.
- Leave me alone.  - Let's get going. come on.
Hey! Easy now.
Come on. old man. You got this.
Damn. it's getting cold.
That's just your Aussie ass.
- You ready to get to the top?  - Not yet. baby.
Let's go.
Yeah! You got it.
No rush.
You're all good.
It's the same goddamn spot every time. Gonna be here forever.
How can I help you?
I'm good.
I got this. I can...
I can do this.
Just take your time.
Nice.
What?
I reckon we should call it a day.
It's the final pitch. Tommy.
It'll still be there in the morning. I promise.
Plus. there's a bit of shit weather coming in. Have a look.
Just give me one more try.
We can both hit the top and make tent well within an hour.
I know we can do that. I want to summit today.
- That is exactly why--  - No. I want to summit today.
That's exactly why you have a climbing partner.
so that someone can make the call when one of you loses the plot.
So I'm making a call. Okay?
Sash. it's all good.
It was beautiful climbing. up until where you...
Right until when it wasn't.
Just wondering whether we should take a rain check tomorrow. that's all.
Are you kidding me? It's just a little weather.
What's... What's going on?
No. just...
I just feel like sometimes you rush it a little bit. that's all.
Anything else?
I don't know how many more of these trips I've got left in me.
Look. don't get me wrong. I love this. I love us. I love you.
Stop it. You do this every time.
You know. the climb gets tough. and then all of a sudden.
you start talking like this.
No. I'm just talking about slowing it down a bit.
not doing so many extreme things.
Oh my God.
There's an old saying.
Luck is like anything else you take up the mountain.
Eventually. it's gonna run out.
You serious?
You're gonna tell me your luck has run out halfway up a mountain?
If my lucky compass is saying I should--
Oh my God. Just stop with that fucking compass.
I'm sorry. Sash.
I'm just being a bit of a sook.
Come here.
Where does it hurt?
Yeah. right there.
- Right here?  - Yeah.
Jesus.
Promise me we'll be back after the storm's passed.
We'll get going first thing. okay? I promise not to sleep in.
Is that a date?
- Get into the wall!  - Okay. okay. okay.
Keep your head down.
Okay. I want us to go down a little bit.
It's a bit safer there at that ledge. okay?
Okay.
- You all right?  - Yeah.
You can go faster if you want.
- Oh yeah?  - Yeah.
Now you want me to go faster?
- Yeah.  - All right.
You safe?
God.
Are you okay?
Tommy! Get down here!
Did you tie a knot for this rap?
Yeah!
Oh shit! Tommy. wait!
Just give me a sec.
Tommy!
No!
Shit.
Tommy!
Tommy. wake up!
You're dragging us off the mountain!
I can't hold it any longer!
Oh!
Created by Sailor420        Enjoy single-line sub
♫  And I'm back on Boogie Street  ♫
♫  A cigarette  ♫
♫  And then it's time to go  ♫
♫  I tidied up the kitchenette  ♫
♫  I tuned the old banjo  ♫
♫  I'm wanted at the traffic jam  ♫
♫  They're saving me a seat  ♫
♫  I'm what I am  ♫
♫  And what I am is back on Boogie Street  ♫
It's just these climbs. man. the big tough ones. It's just...
Takes a lot of ego. you know?
If you're nice. I'll share some of my ego with you.
- Hey.  - G'day.
You going out alone?
I wouldn't recommend it.
People get lost in these woods all the time.
And here. they stay lost.
Can you sign in for us?
Just so we know where you're going.
Tough luck. Tough luck. That's yours.
That's the good stuff.
That's the good shit. there.
- Is that packed on?  - For you. it's quite packed on.
- Here you go.  - All right. thank you.
Take it easy.
Hello.
Hey.
You got everything you need?
- Hey.  - Look out. Here's trouble.
How's it going. Mel? Ready for some more?
Oh. yeah. It's selling like hotcakes.
Oh.
- Have you tried it?  - Get real. I wouldn't feed that to my dog.
Well. I think your dog's missing out.
Excuse me.
Thank you.
Don't you say "excuse me" where you come from?
Did you not hear me? I said thank you.
Where are you heading? We could be your guides.
We know the place real well.
- I'm okay.  - We're just trying to be nice.
I think she's okay. fellas.
Looks like she got everything she needs.
Full tank on six.
I'm sorry about that.
I just thought I should probably have a bit of a word.
Yeah. you didn't need to. It's okay.
Oh. okay.
No worries.
Thanks. Mel. I'll be back in a tick. I'm just gonna bring the car around.
Yeah. Sixty.
Ta.
Can you add this?
Hi. hello?
Hi. Um. can you...?
Hey.
I'm trying to get to Grand Isle Narrows.
- Yeah?  - My GPS is out. Yeah.
- You here for the canyon?  - Yeah.
Yeah.
You want the easy way or the hard way?
Just... the best way.
- Okay. So. this is us.  - Mm-hm.
You make this left.
then it's a bit of a dog leg. then a straight 50Ks.
Okay. that's easy.
Sorry. can I give you my advice? Completely different.
Start at Blackstone Bay.
Here.
- You go about nine Ks.  - Mm-hm.
Just before you get to the split break. you'll find the most amazing camping area.
Okay.
It's a bit of a well-kept secret. right by the shore.
- Oh. thanks.  - You think you can handle that?
Yeah. I think I can handle it.
- Okay.  - Okay.
You're gonna love it. The water's unbelievable.
Okay. great. I really appreciate it.
Okay. Just one more thing to think about.
You know... I hope you know what you're doing. 'cause it can get intense.
- Intense. I know. It's okay.  - Pretty gnarly.
Most people do it in pairs.
- I'm gonna go.  - Oh. okay.
I wasn't suggesting that you and I do--
Fuck.
That's her again.
Do you want a beer. love?
I think she wants to be alone.
You string up the little one.
Oh...
Oi! Hey. easy.
- She's trying to get out.  - Sorry. no backing out now. love.
I'm talking to you.
We're just trying to be nice.
Okay.
You're missin' the best bits.
That's what happens if you stay in the car all day.
- Look at this beautiful thing.  - Right.
Okay. let's go. Diesel. Ripper. get in the truck.
Ooh!
What?
What the fuck?
Where's my bag?
Fuck.
Fuck! Fuck!
Hello?
Ah! Hey!
Hey.
You made it!
It's me. from the gas station.
Yeah. I remember.
I'm Ben.
Sasha. Ben. Nice to meet you.
Hi. Sasha.
Hey. Blackstone Bay.
What'd I tell you? Dumps you right in the brown.
- Mm-hm. Yeah.  - You having fun?
Yeah. the runs are great. I just. um...
Something got into my gear last night and took everything. My phone. my food.
Oh. bloody hell. That's no good.
Your mobile phone bill's gonna be through the roof.
Yeah. it's the wombats. They're texting all the time.
They text constantly.
Yeah. that's a little wombat paw working the key.
in case you hadn't noticed.
Seriously. though. I'm sorry. It's a drastic bummer.
I thought I hung it up high enough. but guess not.
No such thing out here. I'm sorry to say.
Good news is I always pack twice what I need.
- I'm more than happy to suit you up.  - Really?
Yeah. of course.
That's what you gotta do out here. You gotta share.
No other way we all stay alive.
Thanks. Ben. That's really great.
You hungry?
- Just kinda looking for that gear.  - Sit down.
- Let me get you some fish.  - I would really--
Please. I insist. Sit down.
- Okay.  - Yeah. just there. Take a seat.
Eat some food. get the gear. and then go.
Yeah. here we go.
So you make beef jerky?
Uh. yeah.
Yeah. I make that myself.
Cut it.
Dry it.
Hang it away from the flies for a few weeks.
Good protein.
It's not bad. I had some last night. It's actually really good.
- You tried Jenno's?  - Mm-hm.
Why "Jenno's." by the way?
It was my mum's name.
Named it after her.
You named beef jerky after your mom?
Yeah.
Well. she must be really flattered.
Water. Want something to drink?
Ever seen this before? It's water siphoned from a tree.
Pretty cool. huh?
Don't worry. I forgot to pack my roofies.
Come on. you gotta hydrate.
Yeah. got to hydrate.
Oh yeah.
That usually impresses people.
Yeah. it's impressive.
Right?
Yeah.
Okay. so...
Spend a lot of time out here?
Oh yeah. Yeah. I practically live out here.
It's like I'm in pain if I don't get out on the river once or twice a week.
It's almost physical. you know?
That need.
Where in Australia are you from?
Technically. not from Australia.
No. I come from somewhere far less appealing.
My mum brought me out here when I was a kid.
Let me guess. Britain?
- Fuck off. I guessed?  - Yeah. you guessed right.
Uh. how long you been kayaking for?
Mm?
Oh. just a while. I do a little bit of everything.
Ah!
But mostly mountains. right?
So. I already know about you.
Yeah. you know. the danger makes you feel alive.
Gotta be in the moment. or you may die. Perfection's the only option.
All that bullshit they tell people like us.
Personally. I think your wiring's just messed up.
You can fight your way through a lot of shit.
but you can't beat your wiring.
Ain't no mountain high enough. right?
Here you go.
I'm done with mountains.
That's interesting.
Let me guess.
You broke up.
and your boyfriend got the mountains. and you got the rivers.
Am I right?
Oh shit.
- I didn't mean to pry. Sasha. I'm so...  - No. it's fine.
I was just trying to be funny. I...
That's the cost of spending so much time alone.
You completely lose the ability to function in polite society.
I know what that feels like. That's why I'm out here.
Don't have to playact like a human being.
Yeah. Yeah. there's enough noise in the world. right?
Speaking of noise.
you know who showed up at my campsite the other night?
Those hunters from the gas station.
They were definitely messing with me.
Yeah. that's a little concerning.
I know.
Assholes.
It's fine.
You know. most hunters aren't like that.
The good ones respect the wilderness. and we make use of what we kill.
It's not about having an excuse to drink with your buddies.
It's more reverent than that.
- Yeah. they weren't reverent.  - No.
They were trying to scare me.
Yeah. no. it sounds that way.
You handled them perfectly. though.
What?
You had grit and poise.
Amazing. You didn't give them an inch.
but you didn't give them an excuse to hurt you either.
I'm... I'm sorry. what are you saying?
At the campsite.
No. I was there. I thought maybe you could use a hand.
A woman alone and all. Not the case. though. clearly.
Nah. you're special. Sasha.
Just like my mum.
I could sense it the moment we met.
You're not gonna finish your brekkie?
- Would you like me to wrap it up?  - That's okay.
I'm just gonna get out of here.
Hey. Sasha. what?
Right.
Yeah. this.
I just fancied it.
You want it back?
No? Okay.
I should go. Ben. It's time.
Don't forget your bag.
So. I've restocked your provisions and supplies.
I've kept your phone. but I threw in a few extras to level the playing field.
You got the right shoes on?
You'll be fine.
So look. it's very simple.
You've got until the very end of this song to get as far away from me as you can.
Okay?
What's the matter?
I thought you liked danger.
♫  Everything gettin' harder to find  ♫
♫  Everybody jumpin' out of they mind  ♫
♫  Everybody goin' out of they skins  ♫
♫  See we get to the end  ♫
♫  But that's where we begin you feel it...  ♫
♫  Breakin' out and we breakin' the codes  ♫
♫  Similar to the Jacques Cousteau  ♫
♫  To the depths and you're wet so your tank explodes. so get it out  ♫
♫  Send your body to flight  ♫
♫  Everybody got a target tonight...  ♫
♫  All you studs and you duds and you ladies. let's fly  ♫
♫  Grip the moment...  ♫
♫  No time to rest  ♫
♫  What you hear is not a test  ♫
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
♫  Go!  ♫
Yeah. I reckon it was.
I mean. it could've been.
Let's stay focused on the job.
Look at the birds. up there. Check it out.
Hello?
Hey. I actually reckon you two are picking this up really well.
Go by Dad's cookbook.
I'm gonna knock it out of the park.
- Oh yeah?  - Yeah. with rancid fish?
You just wait. I happen to be quite a bush craftsman.
Are you going to catch a platypus?
- Yeah.  - Yeah.
How cool is this?
I know. Look at those beautiful trees.
- Trees. my eye.  - Hey. Carters.
Hi. Ben!
Hey!
Fuck. Fuck.
♫  I'm a nasty little boy  ♫
♫  I'm a little useless  ♫
♫  I'm a useless little toy  ♫
♫  I'm a little useless I'm a useless little toy  ♫
♫  Ow!  ♫
♫  You're a little crazy  ♫
♫  You're a crazy little sexy girl  ♫
♫  I can turn you on all night long  ♫
♫  I can turn you on wanna be your boy  ♫
♫  I'm a little filthy  ♫
♫  I'm a filthy little dog  ♫
♫  I'm a filthy little horny dog  ♫
♫  I can turn you on all night long  ♫
♫  I can turn you on wanna be your boy...  ♫
♫  ...your nasty. nasty. nasty little boy  ♫
♫  I'm your nasty...  ♫
♫  N-n-n-nasty boy  ♫
Uh-uh-uh-uh!
Oh. you got me.
Toss the pepper spray.
Okay.
Okay. yeah. Okay. let's get this off you.
On your tummy.
It's okay. It's gonna be okay.
Let's get this off you. Eyes forward.
Oh!
Okay.
Oh...
Are you playing a game?
Is that what you think we're doing? You think we're playing a game. Ben?
It's not a game.
It's a ritual.
Hey! Hey. hey. don't.
You don't like being tied up?
There's something seriously wrong with you.
Now. come on. I gave you a choice.
"You want the easy way or the hard way?"
What did you choose?
Mm.
Let me know when you reach your pain threshold.
Don't disappoint me. Sasha.
Rituals are very important.
They ground us.
They remind us of who we are.
Did you know there are tribes that file down their own teeth
to sharp points?
Hm?
Enduring pain is a part of growing up. Sasha.
It's a rite of passage.
Where are we going. Ben?
I'll tell you later.
You don't want to explain the rules to me this time?
I got your name from the ranger's register and did a bit of a search.
So the Troll Wall...
I guess you don't wanna talk about that.
It was just an unfortunate accident.
Yeah. but I read online that he was really experienced.
He made some gnarly summits. Doesn't really make sense.
Things can always happen.
Yeah. I guess nobody gets it right every time.
I think it's the mental challenge you gotta be ready for.
You gotta be mentally prepared.
That's it. I think you're right. Ben.
- Yeah.  - I absolutely agree with you.
It's all in your mind. right?
- Yeah. it's all in the mind. right?  - Yeah.
What about the funeral. Was it hot or cold?
He was cremated.
So did you come here to scatter his ashes?
You're bringing the Aussie home. He was from around here. right?
Okay.
Uh-uh-uh! Stay there. Stay there.
Why?
So you can get down there.
Put it on.
There are native tribes that say
to capture the spirit of your prey. you have to consume its liver.
The trick is finding a spirit worth capturing. I suppose.
You remember the Carters from the video?
They didn't put up much of a fight.
Not like you.
I try to take as much care and attention as possible.
At the end of the day. they're all human beings.
And it's important to make use of the kill.
Every part of it.
Nothing goes to waste.
It's more reverent that way.
Am I right?
Oh my!
- Oh my God. No!  - You must be exhausted from the journey.
- No. no. no!  - Why don't you take a rest?
Come on. yeah. it's okay.
- No!  - Come on. come to my bedroom.
Yeah.
Oh!
Hey. can I ask you something?
You really think I've got a problem?
I think...
I think people hurt you.
And they did bad things to you.
Uh...
And I'm so sorry those things happened to you. Ben.
I can't imagine what...
Please. stop.
Ben?
Oh. no!
No! No!
Do you know what this is?
Hm?
This is my homemade salt brine.
It's a perfect tenderizer.
It's a very important part of the process.
The photo next to your bed?
Is that your mom?
She looks just like you.
Yeah.
Do you know what she used to say to me?
"Jenno loves Benno."
"And Benno loves Jenno."
Yeah.
She was special.
She was the first one.
Do you understand?
Now she's always with me.
I'm gonna keep you with me too.
You're a sick fuck.
Sasha!
Fuck.
It's okay.
You've broken my leg!
People come here on vacation.
You must have one hell of a dentist.
Or did you eat him too?
You ever get depressed in the dark?
Feel like you misjudged things?
Feel guilty?
When he fell...
he was dragging both of us off the mountain.
I had to let him go.
I'll never know if he was still alive.
I was only there because he was there.
And he didn't want to be there anymore.
I didn't listen.
I just kept pushing.
What's back there. Ben?
About 12 days of walking.
You'll never survive it.
Yeah. and whose fault is that?
I have to get to the top of that wall today.
We either get up there today...
or I wait for you to die.
And you will. From an infection.
You can't climb it without me.
Maybe.
Maybe you're right. It is a tandem climb.
Let's do it.
Come on. Okay?
Let's do it together.
It's okay.
I'm gonna tell you how to tie a knot
with some of that rope to make a booster for your good leg.
And we'll build you a harness.
A diaper harness. It's the only way to get you up there.
I've already got a harness.
If I'm gonna lead this climb. I can only do it with that harness.
You can't do it. Ben.
Take these off so I can help you.
Do it over by the wall. okay?
Fuck.
It needs to be tight.
Tighter.
Come here.
Just so you know.
when you get us to the top. I'll set you free.
But if you try to drop me. then I will rip you off that wall.
Don't you dare touch this harness.
Hey!
- Fucking idiot!  - I told you not to touch the harness!
- I was just resetting it.  - Not the fucking leg!
Hey. can I ask you something?
When Tommy fell.
did it look like he was flying?
Yeah! Come on!
Nice. Nice work.
Yeah!
We make a good team. don't we. eh?
You know what I mean?
Hey. Sasha?
All right. You're good.
Hey. what've you done?
- Sasha!  - Ow!
You promised me we'd do it together!
No!
Don't do it!
Sasha!
Okay.
Fuck!
Are you lost?
Do you need water or anything? Or...?
Could you please take me to my car at Blackstone Bay?
Yeah. of course.
Do you need help?
Are you okay?
I know where they are.
All of them.
Authorities have confirmed
that at least 20 bodies have been recovered
from a cave deep in Wandarra National Park.
The discovery was made after a woman escaped the forest
and alerted rangers.
Authorities are still working to identify all the victims.
The families of those missing may finally find some closure.
A mysterious string of disappearances in the area
that were blamed on the rugged landscape and local wildlife
is now believed to have been the responsibility of a single man.
♫  You're a little crazy you're a crazy little sexy girl  ♫
♫  I can turn you on all night long  ♫
♫  I can turn you on wanna be your boy  ♫
♫  Wanna be your nasty. nasty. nasty nasty little boy  ♫
♫  Your nasty boy  ♫
♫  I'm a little filthy I'm a filthy little dog  ♫
♫  I'm a little filthy I'm a filthy little horny dog  ♫
♫  I can turn you on all night long  ♫
♫  I can turn you on wanna be your boy  ♫
♫  Wanna be your toy  ♫
♫  Your nasty. nasty. nasty little boy  ♫
♫  Your nasty boy  ♫
♫  Na-na-na. your nasty boy  ♫
♫  Na-na. your nasty boy  ♫
♫  I can turn you on all night long  ♫
♫  I can turn you on wanna be your boy  ♫
♫  Wanna be your toy  ♫
♫  I can turn you on all night long  ♫
♫  I can turn you on wanna be your boy  ♫
♫  Wanna be your toy  ♫
♫  Your nasty. nasty. nasty boy  ♫
♫  Da-da-da-da. nasty boy  ♫
♫  La-la-la. nasty boy  ♫
♫  Da-da-da-da. give me the holocaust  ♫
♫  Your nasty boy  ♫
♫  Your... your... your nasty boy  ♫
♫  Your la-la-la useless toy  ♫